guys okay so it's a day of Halla do for
you sorry about the weird kind of
lighting is kind of late at night and
sorry about the weird set up behind me I
needed some semi bright lights so I had
to kind of corner myself so I have a
Hall of I didn't argue say that yeah
let's just get started so I have stopped
on the bolsa my friends birthday
presents is really loud that the first
thing i got was this Revlon perfect heat
styling brush now I thought this was
like thirteen dollars i think i thought
this was like one that I blow dried and
styled so I got it but it doesn't like
blow dry it so I've only tried it once
i'm going to try it again with dry hair
um but i'm not really sure in love at
these are dow lashes in 110 I was going
to use these for halloween and then I
did it and then I was going to use these
for my homecoming and then I didn't so
doge this kinda you and then I got this
I got a lot in their polish stuff away
then i also got nicks um eyeshadow in
aloha and its really pretty and it's
like there's the color but it really
takes a lot to pack on to woods i'm not
a fan and then i got a lot of meal stuff
so i got this um what pair clean up
manicure pen I was just like seven
dollars i think it just looks like this
so this little guy had a nail polish
remover in him so you're doing french
tips and stuff that's really helpful a
little crazy on the nail polish it was
on sale i have a sesh feed top coat but
it's already my bathroom and then I got
um OPI call me whenever and this was 649
and it's kind of like a burnt orange
color
then I finally got my hands on Sally
Hansen hard as nails in a Pacific blues
was like two or three dollars I couldn't
not find that anywhere and then I got SE
lux ido and this was 599 and it's just
really pretty oh it's not picking up but
it's like a purpley I don't know how to
explain it it's like deep purple um kind
of got a little bit of red in there it's
really pretty then I got orally faint of
heart and this was 599 and it's just
kind of like this muted brown grayish
color and the last 1i got was se it's
genius and this was 599 as well
and it's just like a red with shimmery
golds and i got from Ulta now I got will
stop at the mall sweet so at what Theo I
got myself accessory presents that my
mom's gonna give me two parts of leg
warmers I feel like what sale has the
best like warmers there 750 and I just
got um brown and like this pinky mom
color I got this sweater and their
sweaters and stuff for thirty percent
off i was gonna get another one but i
didn't feel like spending any money
except ours my lunch money and it looks
like this and i don't know it may look
Pena at first but it's like black with
all this like color intertwined in it I
know I thought it can be fun and then
the back it has this um just little V
and it's kind of long so you can wear it
with leggings or whatever um the colors
are really picking up it's not this
bright and this was 2650 and then it was
thirty percent off that I'm gonna bath
and body works i got tuna Candice I got
hot buttered rum and vanilla bean Noel
because I've been burning through my
candles like crazy which is good 245
forever 21 31 I just got some basic so
they had leggings 42 / 10 so I got a
black pair and I got a gray hair I don't
have a great pair of leggings and
they're originally 580 so you save
yourself a dollar sixty-five I mean to
UM and they're actually pretty decent
quality I really like them and I like
that they're super long so they go down
all the way to your ankles so if you
wanna wear flats or something's got
another one of these sports bras they
look like this um this one is just the
blue zigzag and these are thirteen
eighty necklace it looks like this and I
thought this was really cute and I know
I can probably make something like this
but for 680 and no time whatever
whatsoever--like put into making it i
thought it was where
phora I got this eyeliner and I thought
it'd be good for holiday tutorials it
was on sale for like honestly like five
dollars or something seven dollars I
remember how much it really was but it
looks like this and it's like white it
looks like it reminds you of snowflakes
and when you put it on it like looks
white but then it like it's really hard
to explain so it's like white and clear
and pink and I just saw a really cool
will get me one at H&M I got this
sweater and it's like a sweater shirt
thing and it looks like this and it's
like leopard and I think what's kind of
longer and then it has like the bottom
kind of curves a little bit if you can
see and then the sleeves are rolled up
like they're stitched like that and then
I thought maybe you can wear it inside
out but I don't always think you could
since I just looks like that and it was
super cute and this was 95 and then I
got this sweater a couple of those
sweaters or buy one get one free so mean
my friends split it and i really wish i
would have gotten more because like
going back because i've seen a lot of
people with a bunch of sweaters and I'm
like hey I want those um so it's kind of
this like ox bloody red maroon color and
it's just a plain cable knit I think
that's what it's called sweater and this
was like thirty dollars but then buy one
get one free and my friend got the other
one or she got like a different sweater
but you know I walgreens out to nail
polishes from wet'n'wild Caribbean frost
and this one is in Birken defrost they
just look like that this one now that
I'm looking at it kinda the same as that
one but not these are only like 90 year
eighty cents so I thought why not so
that was everything I bought recently I
hope you guys liked it and found some of
the stuff that I bought cute and you're
gonna go buy it that's what these videos
are about and yeah so i will talk to you
guys
later back